c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\CopiaDocs.exe.config
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\CopiaDocs.exe
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\CopiaDocs.pdb
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\MimeTypeMap.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\MimeTypeMap.List.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\MimeTypes.Core.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\MimeTypesMap.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\obj\Debug\CopiaDocs.exe
c:\users\flcosta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CopiaDocs\CopiaDocs\obj\Debug\CopiaDocs.pdb
